Ramblin' Wreck
I'm a Ramblin' Wreck from Georgia Tech, and a hell of an engineer—
A helluva, helluva, helluva, helluva, hell of an engineer.
Like all the jolly good fellows, I drink my whiskey clear.
I'm a Ramblin' Wreck from Georgia Tech and a hell of an engineer.
Oh! If I had a daughter, sir, I'd dress her in White and Gold,
And put her on the campus to cheer the brave and bold.
But if I had a son, sir, I'll tell you what he'd do—
He would yell, 'To hell with Georgia!' like his daddy used to do.
Oh, I wish I had a barrel of rum and sugar three thousand pounds,
A college bell to put it in and a clapper to stir it round.
I'd drink to all the good fellows who come from far and near.
I'm a ramblin', gamblin', hell of an engineer!
White and Gold
Oh well it's up with the White and Gold
Down with the Red and Black
Georgia Tech is out for the victory
We'll drop the battle axe on Georgia's head
When we meet her, our team is sure to beat her
Down on the old farm there will be no sound
Till our bow-wows rip through the air
When the battle is over, Georgia's team will be found
With the Yellow Jackets swarming around.
Original Tech Cheer
Differential Y,
Differential X,
To hell with differentials,
We want sex!
Engineers touchdown, 
Engineers yell,
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets
Fight like hell!
Tech Cheer
E to the X dy dx,
E to the X dx,
Tangent Secant Cosine Sine,
3.14159,
Square roots, cube roots, Poisson brackets,
Disintegrate 'em Yellow Jackets!
Georgia Tech Alma Mater
Oh, sons of Tech, arise, behold!
The Banner as it reigns supreme,
For from on high the White and Gold
Waves in its triumphant gleam.
The spirit of the cheering throng
Resounds with joy revealing
A brotherhood in praise and song,
In memory of the days gone by.
Oh Scion of the Southland!
In our hearts you shall forever fly. 
We cherish thoughts so dear for thee,
Oh, Alma Mater in our prayer.
We plead for you in victory,
And in the victory we share!
But when the battle seems in vain
Our spirits never falter,
We're ever one in joy or pain
And our union is a lasting bond.
Oh! May we be united.
Till the victory of life is won. 